README.md, before:

# Drawing Canvas ![Status completed](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-finished-2eb3c1.svg) ![Django 2.2.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-2.2.1-green.svg) ![Python 3.6.8](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.6.8-blue.svg) ![ReactJS 16.8.6](https://img.shields.io/badge/ReactJS-16.8.6-red.svg) ![d3JS 4.13.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/d3JS-4.13.0-yellow.svg) ![forthebadge made-with-python](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/made-with-python.svg) ![forthebadge made-with-javascript](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-javascript.svg)
----------------------------
ABOUT THE PROJECT
----------------------------

This project provides the features of a drawing canvas
with features involving drawing, erasing, changing colors,
etc. online. It also allows users to save and load their
drawings. This project is implemented using Django Framework
(Python), d3JS, ReactJS, Javascript, HTML(Bootstrap) and CSS.

----------------------------
TECHNOLOGIES USED
----------------------------

- Python 3.6.8
- Django 2.2.1
- Javascript (ReactJS-16.8.6 and d3JS-4.13.0)
- SQLLite
- Bootstrap ( HTML / CSS / Javascript )

----------------------------
INSTRUCTIONS TO RUN THE PROJECT
----------------------------

Type the following commands in sequential order:

              source env/bin/activate      (To activate virtual environment)
              cd Drawing-Canvas
              python3 manage.py runserver  

To deactivate the virtual environment:

              deactivate               

----------------------------

Commit message:

Modified readme, structured project and upudated libraries.

README.md, after:

# Drawing Canvas [![Deployed](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hosted_on-Azure-blue?logo=windows)](http://drawingcanvassk17.azurewebsites.net/)  ![Status completed](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-finished-2eb3c1.svg) ![Django 5.2](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-5.2-green.svg) ![Python 3.10.2](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.10.2-blue.svg) ![ReactJS 16.8.6](https://img.shields.io/badge/ReactJS-16.8.6-red.svg) ![d3JS 4.13.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/d3JS-4.13.0-yellow.svg) ![forthebadge made-with-python](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/made-with-python.svg) ![forthebadge made-with-javascript](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-javascript.svg)
----------------------------
ABOUT THE PROJECT
----------------------------

This project provides the features of a drawing canvas
with features involving drawing, erasing, changing colors,
etc. online. It also allows users to save and load their
drawings. This project is implemented using Django Framework
(Python), d3JS, ReactJS, Javascript, HTML(Bootstrap) and CSS.

🚀 **Hosted at:** [http://drawingcanvassk17.azurewebsites.net/](http://drawingcanvassk17.azurewebsites.net/)

----------------------------
TECHNOLOGIES USED
----------------------------

- Python 3.10.2
- Django 5.2
- Javascript (ReactJS-16.8.6 and d3JS-4.13.0)
- SQLLite
- Bootstrap ( HTML / CSS / Javascript )

----------------------------
INSTRUCTIONS TO RUN THE PROJECT
----------------------------

Type the following commands in sequential order:

              source env/bin/activate      (To activate virtual environment)
              cd Drawing-Canvas
              python3 manage.py runserver  

To deactivate the virtual environment:

              deactivate               

----------------------------
# Drawing Canvas
----------------------------

This folder contains the configuration information of the project.

----------------------------
# Main Canvas
----------------------------

This folder contains the Drawing application. Main logic lies
inside the static folder (in which lie the javascript and
HTML files), views.py and models.py . 

----------------------------
